[Music]
well abracadabra y'all anyone has ever
washed a magic show might find
themselves really convinced that these
people studied at Hogwarts uh you know
by now that there's nothing magical
about illusion except how it makes you
feel but hey next time you see one of
these tricks you'll know exactly what's
going on behind the smoke and mirrors
number one torn bill when David
Copperfield sent a pencil right through
an audience members $100 bill while I
imagine that guy's heart went up to his
throat
but of course his cash was fine this
trick is done using a special gimmick
that slides onto the eraser end of the
pencil it should be the same color so it
blends in perfectly you initially fold
the bill around the pencil hold your
fingers on the gimmick and pull the
pencil out chat with the audience
distract them and whatnot then
reposition it back into the gimmick but
behind the banknote so at this point the
bill is between the pencil and the
gimmick finally slide the pencil down
and it looks like it's going right
through the money Wow number two
disappearing glass a drinking glass is
put on the table and covered with a
handkerchief then the glass is lifted
and thrown into the air whew someone's
gonna have to clean this up
the handkerchief falls to the table and
the glass has disappeared you got any
idea on how you can poof a glass out of
existence easy the handkerchief has a
hidden wiry ring that creates an
illusion that there's a glass under it
as for the glass itself the magician
already slid it into a secret hole in
the table number three the signed card
the illusionist gives a card to a viewer
and asked them to sign it he then rips
it up into four parts but wha he
magically pulls the signed card out and
look at that it's totally fine it looks
impressive but again it's all sleight of
hand the illusionist hides a folded card
in his sleeve beforehand replaces it
with the viewers
at the right moment and then rips it off
after that of course he pulls out the
real signed card totally unscathed back
out to all kinds of oohs and ahhs number
four make $100 from one dollar well I
think we all want to do that for real oh
sorry
The Illusionist first folds a $100 bill
up until it's small enough to fit behind
their middle finger as you display the
$1 bill while keeping that 100 conceal
you slyly slide it over until its hidden
behind the top left corner of the dollar
then fold the dollar the same way you
did with a 100 while keeping the latter
behind it finally do a little
abracadabra
switch the sides and slide the one
dollar behind your finger unfold the
Benjamin and there you go
number five pulling a rabbit out of a
hat hey rookie never mind a trick is
oldest time so there are actually three
ways you can hide the bunny before you
pull it out of your top hat to the sound
of cheers you know where everybody knows
your name anyway those three places are
in a hidden compartment in the table
when the illusionist puts the hat on the
table he makes sure to cover the hole in
the head itself there's a hatch inside
to keep the fluffy guy from falling out
in a canvas bag hung on the edge of the
table it's nicely covered by a long
tablecloth so you can't see it while the
illusionist shows the audience that the
Hat is absolutely empty the rabbit is
hidden under the table the hardest part
is getting the rabbit from the bag and
into the hat without the audience
noticing that's what practice is for
number six the human zigzag now you
might think that the woman inside is
divided into three parts but the effect
is achieved because her body is hidden
the success of this trick depends on the
assistants flexibility her main goal is
to contort her body in those
compartments so that her face hands and
foot look like she's standing straight
up and facing the audience oh my knees
and back wouldn't have that number seven
Michael Jackson's gravity defying lean
yes the King of Pop and seemingly
naysayer of gravity blew us all away
with his famous 45-degree full-body lean
his music might have been magical but
the trick wasn't the secret was in his
shoes the whole time they had holes in
the heels that attached a little metal
pegs in the floor the shoes also had a
sturdy support frame that came up on his
legs quite high still takes talent
though to pull the thing off so smoothly
you can insert your smooth criminal' pun
here remember eight going through a
mirror to expose this trick you can just
ask a magician to go through the common
mirror say in your Hall I bet he'll
think up some excuse and that's because
he needs special screens with cuts in
the middle the one that's attached to
the back part of the mirror has two
hidden panels the construction allows
his assistant to move the mirror aside
and replace it with the two panels so
that he can crawl through at the end of
the trick the assistant puts the mirror
back in place number nine breaking out
of handcuffs
Houdini studied all kinds of locks his
whole life and had an encyclopedic
knowledge of handcuffs he could guess
which key would open this or that type
of cuffs at first glance later he
invented a special belt that could be
rotated with your elbow the belt had
pockets with all kinds of keys to
different cuff models but for some pairs
the key wasn't necessary it was enough
to knock them on a hard surface
another type of handcuffs could be
opened with a special wire loop
number ten getting free of chains
underwater and yet another one of
Houdini's breathtaking feats the great
illusionist had a special sort of
aquarium chamber built and patented for
this trick
Houdini's wrists and calves were chained
and then he was slowly submerged into
the tank full of water the chamber was
hidden by a curtain and within a couple
minutes Houdini would magically appear
from behind it now first of all the
Chamber's special design was key for
this trick since his body was displacing
some water it created an air pocket in
the tank secondly Houdini's unmatched
skills also played their role the task
of the illusionist was to tense up get
out of the chains and get out of the
water the trick was really spectacular
and is still performed around the world
to this day but in case you have one of
those giant tanks lying around hmm don't
try this one at home okay number 11 the
saw track probably as iconic in magic as
the rabbit in a hat number the audience
sees the magician's assistant crawl into
a big box lying on a table they close
the box and you can still see her head
coming out of one end and her feet out
the other then out comes the giant
handsaw oh the horror now what you can't
see as you try to peek at the show
through your fingers is that those feet
aren't actually hers there's a second
assistant underneath that box and her
feet are sticking out the first
assistant has hers pulled up toward her
chest whew that's a relief number 12
linking rings
the magician begins by showing you that
the metal rings he's about to use are
totally solid
he might even ask an audience member to
give it a hearty tug to check a second
later he somehow hooks two of them
together and then magically separates
them amazing how is it done it really is
just smooth sleight of hand because
there's a tiny gap in one of the Rings
he's just sure to keep it hidden under
his hand it's always the hands got to
keep a sharp eye on him
number thirteen disappearance of the
Statue of Liberty
one of David Copperfield's biggest and
most incredible tricks was when he made
the Statue of Liberty vanish right
before the crowds eyes
Lady Liberty was hidden by a canvas and
when it fell down
she was gone several minutes later the
statue was right back in her place so
how do you vanish a 300 foot statue in
front of a live audience well like a
true magician Copperfield never revealed
his secret that's why we only have an
educated guess it must have something to
do with the lights the ones inside the
statue turned off before the canvas came
down they also lit up two lights on the
island that were incredibly bright
probably so much so that it's sort of
momentarily blinded the viewers it was
night so their eyes wouldn't have had
time to adjust there are two other
theories or perhaps other ways to
perform the trick the viewers don't know
it but their seats are on a huge
rotating platform as the curtain goes up
in the beginning the platform is slowly
turned until the statue is out of the
audience line of vision and skeptics
believed there was no trick at all they
say the audience members were nothing
more than actors and everything else is
just the magic of cinema which can show
anything well I guess we'll never know
which is okay which of these magic
tricks would you like to see in person
let me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share with a
friend but hey don't you vanish through
the mirror with you and your rabbits
sawed it in half just yet get out of
your handcuffs first besides we have
over 2,000 cool videos for you to check
out just click on this left or right
video and vanish poof stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]